INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

## Prerequisites
### OpenGL:
Currently the OpenGL programs only compile under Linux. The required libraries are [GLES](https://www.khronos.org/opengles/), [GLEW](http://glew.sourceforge.net/), and [GLFW](https://www.glfw.org/).
For the Spherical Harmonics project, you must also have Git, Python3 with the Sympy library and the Boost libraries installed.
### WebGL:
The WebGL programs require a modern web browser that supports WebGL. These include Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.

## Usage
### OpenGL:
The code for the OpenGL programs are found in subdirectories of the OpenGL directory. Enter into one of these subdirectories and type `make` to build the program, then run the subsequent executable file.
### WebGL:
To use the WebGL programs, enter any subdirectory of the WebGL directory and open the index.html file with a web browser. If you have python3.6 or later, you can also run `python -m run` to start the program.

Once you have the program running, use the mouse to rotate the various renders.

Commit message:

New Metal project and update Readme

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

## Prerequisites
### OpenGL:
Currently the OpenGL programs only compile under Linux. The required libraries are [GLES](https://www.khronos.org/opengles/), [GLEW](http://glew.sourceforge.net/), and [GLFW](https://www.glfw.org/).
For the Spherical Harmonics project, you must also have Git, Python3 with the Sympy library and the Boost libraries installed.
### WebGL:
The WebGL programs require a modern web browser that supports WebGL. These include Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.
### Swift and Metal:
A Mac with XCode is required.

## Usage
### OpenGL:
The code for the OpenGL programs are found in subdirectories of the OpenGL directory. Enter into one of these subdirectories and type `make` to build the program, then run the subsequent executable file.
### WebGL:
To use the WebGL programs, enter any subdirectory of the WebGL directory and open the index.html file with a web browser. If you have python3.6 or later, you can also run `python -m run` to start the program.
### Swift and Metal:
 Note that these projects only contain Swift and Metal shader files, so some additional work is needed to make them run. Check the Readme in each of the individual subdirectories for more instructions.

Once you have the program running, use the mouse to rotate the various renders.
